if your inner person you've been on the
internet the past few days you probably
noticed there's a trailer for the new
Fantastic Four movie coming out my
reaction to this was today I'm gonna
give you my first reactions my name is
William Haynes and you're watching
SourceFed so we open on the 20 Century
Fox logo boxes are my favorite animal we
see a beautiful shot of the city just
like every movie trailer ever then some
mountains they call that contrast if you
notice on a shot that only lasts a few
seconds the word Grimm is written on the
side of a wall which is in fact the real
last name of the thing Ben Grimm that's
that's where that mofo lives that's his
house right there there's a cool shot of
a car going through a field that kid
looks like we got some character
development going on there I love that
stuff I love character development look
at all this science crap that looks
hella sciency made by the people who
made x-men days of future past I love
the hell of that movie not just because
Ellen Page his face was in it more
science crap what the hell is that
eyebrows on fleek duties buff as hell
swing bad about a swing oh you working
on a car I got something for you to work
on I swear I'm straight let's talk about
helping me get some muscles like you
please from this shot it looks like tin
dudes are going into a spaceship and i'm
pretty sure only like 4 y'all are coming
back this is kind of like prom night
that's a sad joke people die in cars
would you think this is oh wow I got
chills I love it but then again I'm one
of those dumb people that like almost
every superhero movie because I'm an
idiot now let's talk about the actors in
the trailer first off we have kate mara
as Susan storm who you may know from
house of cards transcendence and iron
man to ever see a woman that you want to
be your girlfriend and your mom at the
same time also it's always weird when
someone was already in a Marvel movie
and then they're in another Marvel movie
however we liked you better as cat mr.
Evans next we have miles teller as mr.
fantastic himself which is freaking
awesome if you haven't seen wit blast
yet you're missing out I can't wait to
see this boy stretch we also have Jamie
Bell as the thing who you may know from
the adventures of tintin and jumper I
like that movie and don't care what you
think I don't know if you knew it but
Johnny Storm in this movie will be
played by none other than Michael B
Jordan you may know him from things such
as Chronicle fruitvale station which
made me feel emotions you may also know
him from being my twin we look similar
because we're both handsome dudes shut
up I've been over a decade long fan of
Fantastic Four and its really
interesting seeing a younger cast
usually mr. fantastic is played by some
dude who could be my daddy and its
really interesting seeing that character
from the perspective of somebody younger
a lot of people were saying that the
trailer is very Christopher Nolan II and
I'm cool with that I loved inception I
still don't care what you think my only
question about this trailer is where
I get one of those suits that's going to
be my Halloween for the next five years
so what do you guys at home think about
the trailers so far what do I have to do
to be a part of Marvel's first family
what do you think that Michael B Jordan
I are equally as handsome I know you
don't you don't have to say so my name
is William Haynes you're watching
SourceFed please let me think for a
second that I'm just as handsome as
Michael B Jordan please